# Module nvidia/&zwnj;unet/&zwnj;industrial/&zwnj;class_8/1
Convolutional auto-encoder for 2D image segmentation.

<!-- asset-path: https://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/redist/Binary_Files/unet_tfhub_modules/class_8/1.tar.gz -->
<!-- module-type: image-segmentation -->
<!-- network-architecture: Unet -->
<!-- dataset: DAGM2007 -->
<!-- fine-tunable: false  -->
<!-- format: hub -->

[![Open Colab notebook]](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vinhngx/DeepLearningExamples/blob/vinhn_unet_industrial_demo/TensorFlow/Segmentation/UNet_Industrial/notebooks/Colab_UNet_Industrial_TF_TFHub_inference_demo.ipynb#scrollTo=fW0OKDzvmTbt)

## License
This model is licensed under a custom license, see below for details.

## Qualitative Information

This U-Net model is adapted from the original version of the [U-Net model](https://arxiv.org/abs/1505.04597) which is
a convolutional auto-encoder for 2D image segmentation. U-Net was first introduced by
Olaf Ronneberger, Philip Fischer, and Thomas Brox in the paper:
[U-Net: Convolutional Networks for Biomedical Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1505.04597).

#### Model Details
This module is based on a modified version of U-Net, called `TinyUNet` which performs efficiently and with very high accuracy
on the industrial anomaly dataset [DAGM2007](https://resources.mpi-inf.mpg.de/conference/dagm/2007/prizes.html).
*TinyUNet*, like the original *U-Net* is composed of two parts:
- an encoding sub-network (left-side)
- a decoding sub-network (right-side).

It repeatedly applies 3 downsampling blocks composed of two 2D convolutions followed by a 2D max pooling
layer in the encoding sub-network. In the decoding sub-network, 3 upsampling blocks are composed of a upsample2D
layer followed by a 2D convolution, a concatenation operation with the residual connection and two 2D convolutions.

`TinyUNet` has been introduced to reduce the model capacity which was leading to a high degree of over-fitting on a
small dataset like DAGM2007.

#### Suitable Use(s), Limitations, and Tradeoffs.
This model is suitable for prediction on test data similar to the [DAGM2007](https://resources.mpi-inf.mpg.de/conference/dagm/2007/prizes.html) training data for the application of industrial defect detection.

#### Example Use

```
import tensorflow_hub as hub
module = hub.Module("https://tfhub.dev/nvidia/unet/industrial/class_8/1",
                    trainable=False)

# Load a test image
import numpy as np
import matplotlib.image as mpimg

img = mpimg.imread('./data/raw_images/public/Class1_def/1.png')

# Image preprocessing
img =  np.expand_dims(img, axis=2)
img =  np.expand_dims(img, axis=0)
img = (img-0.5)/0.5

output = module(img)

import tensorflow as tf

# Start a session for inference
with tf.Session() as sess:
    sess.run([tf.global_variables_initializer(), tf.tables_initializer()])
    pred = sess.run(output)
```

See example Colab notebooks on NVIDIA Unet TF-Hub module [creation](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vinhngx/DeepLearningExamples/blob/vinhn_unet_industrial_demo/TensorFlow/Segmentation/UNet_Industrial/notebooks/Colab_UNet_Industrial_TF_TFHub_export.ipynb#scrollTo=HRQiqCSMAOZS) and [inference](https://colab.research.google.com/github/vinhngx/DeepLearningExamples/blob/vinhn_unet_industrial_demo/TensorFlow/Segmentation/UNet_Industrial/notebooks/Colab_UNet_Industrial_TF_TFHub_inference_demo.ipynb#scrollTo=Gwt7z7qdmTbW).

#### Training Data

This UNet model was trained on the [Weakly Supervised Learning for Industrial Optical Inspection (DAGM 2007)](https://resources.mpi-inf.mpg.de/conference/dagm/2007/prizes.html) dataset.

> The competition is inspired by problems from industrial image processing. In order to satisfy their customers' needs, companies have to guarantee the quality of their products, which can often be achieved only by inspection of the finished product. Automatic visual defect detection has the potential to reduce the cost of quality assurance significantly.
>
> The competitors have to design a stand-alone algorithm which is able to detect miscellaneous defects on various background textures.
>
> The particular challenge of this contest is that the algorithm must learn, without human intervention, to discern defects automatically from a weakly labeled (i.e., labels are not exact to the pixel level) training set, the exact characteristics of which are unknown at development time. During the competition, the programs have to be trained on new data without any human guidance.

**Source:** https://resources.mpi-inf.mpg.de/conference/dagm/2007/prizes.html

## Other Information

#### License

> TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION
> 
> 1. Definitions.
> 
> "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
> and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 10 of this document.
> 
> 
> "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by
> the copyright owner that is granting the License.
> 
> "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all
> other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
> control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,
> "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the
> direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
> otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
> outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.
> 
> "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity
> exercising permissions granted by this License.
> 
> "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
> including but not limited to software source code, documentation
> source, and configuration files.
> 
> "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical
> transformation or translation of a Source form, including but
> not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,
> and conversions to other media types.
> 
> "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
> Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a
> copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work
> (an example is provided in the Appendix below).
> 
> "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object
> form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the
> editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications
> represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes
> of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain
> separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,
> the Work and Derivative Works thereof.
> 
> "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including
> the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions
> to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally
> submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner
> or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of
> the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"
> means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
> to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
> communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,
> and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the
> Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but
> excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
> designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."
> 
> "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
> on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
> subsequently incorporated within the Work.
> 
> 2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
> this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
> worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
> copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,
> publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the
> Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.
> 
> 3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of
> this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,
> worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable
> (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,
> use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,
> where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable
> by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
> Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)
> with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You
> institute patent litigation against any entity (including a
> cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work
> or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
> or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
> granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate
> as of the date such litigation is filed.
> 
> 4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the
> Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without
> modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You
> meet the following conditions:
> 
> (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or
> Derivative Works a copy of this License; and
> 
> (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices
> stating that You changed the files; and
> 
> (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works
> that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and
> attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,
> excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of
> the Derivative Works; and
> 
> (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
> distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
> include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
> within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
> pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
> of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed
> as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or
> documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,
> within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and
> wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents
> of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and
> do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution
> notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside
> or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided
> that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed
> as modifying the License.
> 
> You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and
> may provide additional or different license terms and conditions
> for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or
> for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,
> reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with
> the conditions stated in this License.
> 
> 5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,
> any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work
> by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of
> this License, without any additional terms or conditions.
> Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify
> the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed
> with Licensor regarding such Contributions.
> 
> 6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade
> names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,
> except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the
> origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.
> 
> 7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or
> agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each
> Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,
> WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
> implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
> of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
> PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
> appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any
> risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.
> 
> 8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,
> whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,
> unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly
> negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be
> liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,
> incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
> result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
> Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
> work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all
> other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor
> has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
> 
> 9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing
> the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,
> and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,
> or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this
> License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
> on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf
> of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,
> defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability
> incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason
> of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.
> 
> 10. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless NVIDIA
> Corporation and its affiliates, and their respective employees,
> contractors, agents, officers, directors, and distributors from and
> against any and all claims, liabilities, damages or costs arising
> out of or related to Your use of the Work or Derivative Works
> thereof. This License will be governed in all respects by the laws
> of the United States and of the State of Delaware, without
> regard to conflicts of laws principles.
> 
> END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

